Include page object utility in nimble-components build output (#2290)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-components/src/utilities/tests/README.md

# Utilities Tests

> The `utilities/tests` folder contains test utilities to be used only by nimble-component tests and are not exported externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `utilities/tests` folder contains test utilities to be used **only** by nimble-component tests as the directory is completely excluded from the published packages.
```
